Let's see how to use the Mongo driver to query documents.
I've inserted a few documents into
the patient's collection to help me demonstrate the querying capabilities.
We have the usual steps of creating a Mongo client,
getting the database, and getting a collection.
Then I have the various ways of using the Find method.
Find with an argument,
find with a logical operator,
and find with an array field,
and also a sub-document then I have the sort or here,
I've count and also the limit.
And finally a combination of find, sort and limit.
Let's run this class to see if all these operations complete successfully.
In the logs, we see the messages for each of the commands that we executed.
You can see the array find over here and the sub document find over here,
the sorted set of documents are here,
he count, the limit and finally the combination.
There you go. You just learned how to query documents using the Mongo driver.